Google App Engine Terms of Service
Your Agreement with Google

This License Agreement for Google App Engine (the "Agreement") is made and
entered into by and between Google Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices at
1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View 94043 ("Google") and the business
entity agreeing to these terms ("Customer"). This Agreement is effective as of
the date Customer clicks the "I Accept" button below (the "Effective Date"). If
you are accepting on behalf of Customer, you represent and warrant that: (i) if
you have full legal authority to bind Customer to this Agreement; (ii) you have
read and understand this Agreement; and (iii) you agree, on behalf of Customer,
to this Agreement. If you do not have the legal authority to bind Customer,
please do not click the "I Accept" button below. This Agreement governs
Customer's access to and use of the Service.
1. Licenses.

1.1 From Google to Customer. Subject to this Agreement, Google grants to
Customer a worldwide, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive,
terminable, limited license to (a) use the Service, (b) integrate the Service
into any Application and provide the Service, solely as integrated into the
Application, to users of the Application and (c) use any Software provided by
Google as part of the Service.

1.2 From Customer to Google. By submitting, posting, generating or displaying
any Application and/or Customer Data on or through the Service, Customer gives
Google a worldwide, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, non-exclusive,
terminable, limited license to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish,
publicly perform, publicly display and distribute any Application and/or
including Customer Data for the sole purpose of enabling Google to provide
Customer with the Service in accordance with the Agreement.
Provision of the Service.

2.1 Console. Google will provide the Service to Customer. As part of receiving
the Service, Customer will have access to the Admin Console, through which
Customer may administer the Service.

2.2 Facilities and Data Transfer. All facilities used to store and process an
Application and Customer Data will adhere to reasonable security standards no
less protective than the security standards at facilities where Google processes
and stores its own information of a similar type. Google has implemented at
least industry standard systems and procedures to ensure the security and
confidentiality of an Application and Customer Data, protect against anticipated
threats or hazards to the security or integrity of an Application and Customer
Data, and protect against unauthorized access to or use of an Application and
Customer Content. Google may process and store an Application and Customer Data
in the United States or any other country in which Google or its agents maintain
facilities. By using the Service, Customer consents to this processing and
storage of an Application and Customer Data. The parties agree that Google is
merely a data processor.

2.3 Data Storage Selection.

    Data Storage. Customer may select via the Service whether the Core App
Engine End User Data will be stored permanently, at rest, in either the United
States or the European Union, and Google will store it accordingly ("App Engine
Data Location Setting"). If no selection is made, Core App Engine End User Data
will be stored permanently, at rest, in the United States.
    Transient Storage. Core App Engine End User Data may be stored transiently
or cached in any country in which Google or its agents maintain facilities
before reaching permanent storage.
    Limitations. No App Engine Data Location Setting will apply to Core App
Engine End User Data copied in another location or used with other Google
products and services (including any other Google Cloud Platform services). If
so, the Core App Engine End User Data will be processed and stored pursuant to
Section 2.2 of this Agreement.

2.4 Accounts. Customer must have an Account to use the Service, and is
responsible for the information it provides to create the Account, the security
of its passwords for the Account, and for any use of its Account. If Customer
becomes aware of any unauthorized use of its password or its Account, Customer
will notify Google as promptly as possible.

2.5 Privacy Policies. The Service is subject to Google's Privacy Policy. Changes
to the Privacy Policy will be made as stated in the applicable policy. In
addition, Google is enrolled in the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor
Program and will remain enrolled in this program or another replacement program
(or will adopt a compliance solution which achieves compliance with the terms of
Article 25 of Directive 95/46/EC) throughout the Term of the Agreement.

2.6 New Applications. Google may make new applications, tools, features or
functionality available from time to time through the Service, the use of which
may be contingent upon Customer's agreement to additional terms.

2.7 Modifications.

    To the Service. Subject to Section 9.4 (Termination for Convenience), Google
may make commercially reasonable Updates to the Service from time to time. If
Google makes a material change to the Service, Google will inform Customer,
provided that Customer has subscribed with Google to be informed about such
change.
    To the Agreement. Google may make changes to this Agreement, including
pricing from time to time. Unless otherwise noted by Google, material changes to
the Agreement will become effective 90 days after they are posted, except if the
changes apply to new functionality in which case they will be effective
immediately. If Customer does not agree to the revised Agreement, please stop
using the Service. Google will post any modification to this Agreement to the
Terms URL.

3. Payment Terms.

3.1 Free Quota. The Service is provided to Customer without charge up to the Fee
Threshold.

3.2 Online Billing. Google will issue an electronic bill to Customer for all
charges accrued above the Fee Threshold. Fees are solely based on Google's
measurements of Customer's use of the Service, may include monthly fees, and
Google's determination is final. For use above the Fee Threshold, Customer shall
be responsible for all Fees up to the amount set in the Account and shall pay
all Fees in U.S. Dollars or in such other currency as agreed to in writing by
the parties. Customer shall pay all Fees in accordance with the payment terms in
the Service FAQ.

3.3 Delinquent Payments. Late payments may bear interest at the rate of 1.5% per
month (or the highest rate permitted by law, if less). Google reserves the right
to suspend your Account for any late payments.

3.4 Taxes. Customer is responsible for any Taxes, and Customer will pay Google
for the Services without any reduction for Taxes. If Google is obligated to
collect or pay Taxes, the Taxes will be invoiced to Customer, unless Customer
provides Google with a timely and valid tax exemption certificate authorized by
the appropriate taxing authority. In some states the sales tax is due on the
total purchase price at the time of sale and must be invoiced and collected at
the time of the sale. If Customer is required by law to withhold any Taxes from
its payments to Google, Customer must provide Google with an official tax
receipt or other appropriate documentation to support such withholding payments.

3.5 Invoice Disputes & Refunds. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Customer
waives all claims relating to Fees unless claimed within sixty days after
charged (this does not affect any Customer rights with its credit card issuer).
Refunds (if any) are at the discretion of Google and will only be in the form of
credit for the Service. Nothing in this Agreement obligates Google to extend
credit to any party.
4. Customer Obligations.

4.1 Compliance. Customer is solely responsible for its Applications and Customer
Data, and for making sure its Applications or Customer Data comply with the
Acceptable Use Policy. Google reserves the right to review the Application or
Customer Data to ensure Customer's compliance with the Acceptable Use Policy.
Customer is responsible for ensuring all End Users comply with Customer's
obligations under the Agreement.

4.2 Privacy. Customer will protect the privacy and legal rights of its End Users
under all applicable laws and regulations, which includes a legally adequate
privacy notice communicated from Customer. Customer may have the ability to
access, monitor, use, or disclose Customer Data submitted by End Users through
the Service. Customer will obtain and maintain any required consents from End
Users to allow Customer's access, monitoring, use and disclosure of Customer
Data. Further, Customer will notify its End Users that any Customer Data
provided as part of the Service will be made available to a third party as part
of Google providing the Service.

4.3 Restrictions. Customer will not, and will not allow third parties under its
control to: (a) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer,
decompile, translate, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to extract the source
code of the Service or any component thereof (subject to Section 4.4 below); (b)
use the Service for High Risk Activities; (c) sublicense, resell, or distribute
the Service or any component thereof separate from any integrated Application;
(d) use the Service to create, train, or improve (directly or indirectly) a
substantially similar product or service, including any other machine
translation engine; (e) create multiple Applications or Accounts to simulate or
act as a single Application or Account (respectively) or otherwise access the
Service in a manner intended to avoid incurring Fees; (f) use the Service to
operate or enable any telecommunications service or in connection with any
Application that allows End Users to place calls to or to receive calls from any
public 
switched telephone network; or (g) process or store any Customer Data that is
subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations maintained by the
Department of State. Customer acknowledges that the Service is not HIPAA
compliant and Customer is solely responsible for any applicable compliance with
HIPAA.

4.4 Open Source Components. Open source software licenses for components of the
Service released under an open source license constitute separate written
agreements. Open source software is listed in the Documentation. To the limited
extent the open source software licenses expressly supersede this Agreement, the
open source license instead governs Customer's agreement with Google for the
specific included open source components of the Service, or use of the Service
(as may be applicable).

4.5 Documentation. Google may provide Documentation for Customer's use of the
Service. The Documentation may specify restrictions (e.g. attribution of HTML
restrictions) on how the Applications may be built or the Service may be used
and Customer agrees to comply with any such restrictions specified.

4.6 DMCA Policy. Google provides information to help copyright holders manage
their intellectual property online, but Google cannot determine whether
something is being used legally or not without their input. Google responds to
notices of alleged copyright infringement and terminates accounts of repeat
infringers according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium
Copyright Act. If Customer thinks somebody is violating Customer's or its End
Users' copyrights and wants to notify Google, Customer can find information
about submitting notices, and Google's policy about responding to notices at
http://www.google.com/dmca.html.

4.7 Application and No Multiple Accounts, Bills. Any Application must have
material value independent from the Services. Google has no obligation to
provide multiple bills or Accounts to Customer under the Agreement.
5. Suspension and Removals.

5.1 Suspension/Removals. If Customer becomes aware that any Application or an
End User's use of an Application, or Customer Data violates the Acceptable Use
Policy, Customer will immediately suspend the Application, remove the applicable
Customer Data, or suspend access to an End User (as may be applicable). If
Customer fails to suspend or remove as noted in the prior sentence, Google may
specifically request that Customer do so. If Customer fails to comply with
Google's request to do so within twenty-four hours, then Google may suspend
Google accounts of the applicable End Users, disable the Application, and/or
disable the Account (as may be applicable) until such violation is corrected.

5.2 Emergency Security Issues. Despite the foregoing, if there is an Emergency
Security Issue, then Google may automatically suspend the offending End User
account, Application or the Account. Suspension will be to the minimum extent
required, and of the minimum duration, to prevent or terminate the Emergency
Security Issue. If Google suspends an End User account or the Application or
Account, for any reason, without prior notice to Customer, at Customer's
request, Google will provide Customer the reason for the suspension as soon as
is reasonably possible.
6. Intellectual Property Rights; Brand Features.

6.1 Intellectual Property Rights. Except as expressly set forth herein, this
Agreement does not grant either party any rights, implied or otherwise, to the
other's content or any of the other's intellectual property. As between the
parties, Customer owns all Intellectual Property Rights in any Application and
Customer Content, and Google owns all Intellectual Property Rights in the
Service.

6.2 Brand Features Limitation. If Customer wants to display Google Brand
Features in connection with its use of the Service, Customer must obtain written
permission from Google through process specified in the Trademark Guidelines.
For the sole purpose of providing the Service, Customer permits Google to
display any Brand Features that may appear in its Application. Any use of a
party's Brand Features will inure to the benefit of the party holding
Intellectual Property Rights to those Brand Features. A party may revoke the
other party's right to use its Brand Features pursuant to this Agreement with
written notice to the other and a reasonable period to stop the use.
7. Technical Support Service

7.1 By Customer. Customer is responsible for technical support of its
Application.

7.2 Deprecation Policy.

Google will announce if we intend to discontinue or make backwards incompatible
changes to this API or Service. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to
continue to operate that Service without these changes until the later of: (i)
one year after the announcement or (ii) April 20, 2015, unless (as Google
determines in its reasonable good faith judgment):

    required by law or third party relationship (including if there is a change
in applicable law or relationship), or
    doing so could create a security risk or substantial economic or material
technical burden.

This Deprecation Policy doesn't apply to versions, features, and functionality
labeled as "experimental."
8. Confidential Information.

8.1 Obligations. The recipient of the other party's Confidential Information
will not disclose the Confidential Information, except to Affiliates, employees,
agents, or professional advisors who need to know it and who have agreed in
writing (or in the case of professional advisors are otherwise bound) to keep it
confidential. The recipient will ensure that those people and entities use the
Confidential Information only to exercise rights and fulfill obligations under
this Agreement, while using reasonable care to keep it confidential. The
recipient may also disclose Confidential Information when required by law after
giving reasonable notice to the discloser if allowed by law. The recipient may
also disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable
Legal Process; provided that the recipient uses commercially reasonable efforts
to: (i) promptly notify the other party of such disclosure before disclosing;
and (ii) comply with the other party's reasonable requests regarding its efforts
to 
oppose the disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subsections (i) and (ii)
above will not apply if the recipient determines that complying with (i) and
(ii) could: (a) result in a violation of Legal Process; (b) obstruct a
governmental investigation; and/or (c) lead to death or serious physical harm to
an individual. As between the parties, Customer is responsible for responding to
all third party requests concerning its use and its End Users' use of the
Services.
9. Term and Termination.

9.1 Agreement Term. The license granted in this Agreement will remain in effect,
unless terminated earlier as set forth in this Agreement.

9.2 Termination for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement for breach
if: (i) the other party is in material breach of the Agreement and fails to cure
that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice; (ii) the other
party ceases its business operations or becomes subject to insolvency
proceedings and the proceedings are not dismissed within ninety days; or (iii)
the other party is in material breach of this Agreement more than two times
notwithstanding any cure of such breaches.

9.3 Termination for Inactivity. Google reserves the right to terminate the
Service for inactivity, if, for a period exceeding ninety days, Customer (a) has
failed to access the Admin Console, (b) an Application has not served any
requests, and (c) no electronic bills are being generated.

9.4 Termination for Convenience. Customer may stop using the Service at any
time. Customer may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time on prior
written notice and upon termination, must cease use of the Service. Google may
terminate this Agreement for its convenience at any time without liability to
Customer. Subject to Section 7.2, Google may discontinue the Service or any
portion or feature for any reason at any time without liability to Customer.

9.5 Effects of Termination. If the Agreement expires or is terminated, then: (i)
the rights granted by one party to the other will immediately cease; (ii) all
Fees (including Taxes) owed by Customer to Google are immediately due upon
receipt of the final electronic bill; (iii) Customer will delete the Software,
any Application and any Customer Data; and (iv) upon request, each party will
use commercially reasonable efforts to return or destroy all Confidential
Information of the other party.
10. Publicity.

Customer is permitted to state publicly that it is a customer of the Service,
consistent with the Trademark Guidelines. Customer agrees that Google may
include Customer's name or Brand Features in a list of Google customers, online
or promotional materials. Customer also agrees that Google may verbally
reference Customer as a customer of the Google products or services that are the
subject of this Agreement. This section is subject to the "Brand Features
Limitation" section of the Agreement. For clarification, neither party needs to
seek approval from the other if the party is repeating a public statement that
is substantially similar to a public statement that has been previously
approved.
11. Representations.

Each party represents that: (a) it has full power and authority to enter into
the Agreement; and (b) it will comply with all laws and regulations applicable
to its provision, or use, of the Service, as applicable. Google warrants it will
provide the Service in accordance with the applicable SLA.
12. Disclaimer.

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR HEREIN, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE DOES NOT MAKE ANY OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
GOOGLE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE DELETION OF OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY
CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED THROUGH USE OF THE
SERVICE. CUSTOMER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SECURING AND BACKING UP ITS
APPLICATION AND CUSTOMER CONTENT. GOOGLE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF
THE SOFTWARE OR THE SERVICE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED. NEITHER THE
SOFTWARE NOR THE SERVICE ARE DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED, OR INTENDED FOR HIGH RISK
ACTIVITIES.
13. Limitation of Liability.

13.1 Limitation on Indirect Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTEND PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER PARTY, NOR GOOGLE'S SUPPLIERS, WILL BE LIABLE UNDER THIS
AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF THE PARTY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT
SUCH DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT SATISFY A REMEDY.

13.2 Limitation on Amount of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER PARTY, NOR GOOGLE'S SUPPLIER'S, MAY BE HELD LIABLE UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER TO GOOGLE DURING THE
TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.

13.3 Exceptions to Limitations. These limitations of liability do not apply to
breaches of confidentiality obligations, violations of a party's Intellectual
Property Rights by the other party, or indemnification obligations.
14. Indemnification.

14.1 By Customer. Customer will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Google from
and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and
reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of a third party claim: (i) regarding
any Application or Customer Content; (ii) that Customer Brand Features infringe
or misappropriate any patent, copyright, trade secret or trademark of a third
party; or (iii) regarding Customer's, or its End Users', use of the Service in
violation of the Acceptable Use Policy.

14.2 By Google. Google will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Customer from
and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and
reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of a third party claim that Google's
technology used to provide the Service (excluding any open source software) or
any Google Brand Feature infringes or misappropriates any patent, copyright,
trade secret or trademark of such third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in
no event shall Google have any obligations or liability under this Section
arising from: (i) use of any Service or Google Brand Features in a modified form
or in combination with materials not furnished by Google, and (ii) any Customer
Content.

14.3 Possible Infringement.

    Repair, Replace, or Modify. If Google reasonably believes the Service
infringes a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, then Google will: (a)
obtain the right for Customer, at Google's expense, to continue using the
Service; (b) provide a non-infringing functionally equivalent replacement; or
(c) modify the Service so that it no longer infringes.
    Suspension or Termination. If Google does not believe the foregoing options
are commercially reasonable, then Google may suspend or terminate Customer's use
of the impacted Service.

14.4 General. As a condition to indemnification for a claim, the party seeking
indemnification must promptly notify the other party of the claim in writing and
cooperate with the other party in defending the claim. The indemnifying party
has full control and authority over the defense, except that: (a) any settlement
requiring the party seeking indemnification to admit liability or to pay any
money will require that party's prior written consent, such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld or delayed; and (b) the other party may join in the
defense with its own counsel at its own expense. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if the indemnified party settles without the prior written consent of the
indemnifying party, the indemnifying party has no obligation of contribution.
THE INDEMNITIES ABOVE ARE THE ONLY REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR VIOLATION OF
A THIRD PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
15. Government Purposes (applicable to United States government customers only).

The Service was developed solely at private expense and is commercial computer
software and related documentation within the meaning of the applicable civilian
and military Federal acquisition regulations and any supplements thereto. If the
user of the Service is an agency, department, employee, or other entity of the
United States Government, under FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202, the use,
duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure, or transfer of the
Service, including technical data or manuals, is governed by the terms and
conditions contained in this Agreement, which is Google's standard commercial
license agreement.
16. Miscellaneous.

16.1 Notices. All notices must be in writing and addressed to the other party's
legal department and primary point of contact. The email address for notices
being sent to Google's Legal Department is legal-notices@google.com. Notice will
be treated as given: (a) on receipt as verified by written automated receipt or
by electronic log (as applicable).

16.2 Assignment. Neither party may assign any part of this Agreement without the
written consent of the other, except to an Affiliate where: (a) the assignee has
agreed in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement; (b) the assigning
party remains liable for obligations under the Agreement if the assignee
defaults on them; and (c) the assigning party has notified the other party of
the assignment. Any other attempt to assign is void.

16.3 Change of Control. If a party experiences a change of Control (for example,
through a stock purchase or sale, merger, or other form of corporate
transaction): (a) that party will give written notice to the other party within
thirty days after the change of Control; and (b) the other party may immediately
terminate this Agreement any time between the change of Control and thirty days
after it receives that written notice.

16.4 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for failure or delay in
performance to the extent caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.

16.5 No Agency. This Agreement does not create any agency, partnership or joint
venture between the parties.

16.6 No Waiver. Neither party will be treated as having waived any rights by not
exercising (or delaying the exercise of) any rights under this Agreement.

16.7 Severability. If any term (or part of a term) of this Agreement is invalid,
illegal or unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement will remain in effect.

16.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement does not confer any benefits
on any third party unless it expressly states that it does.

16.9 Equitable Relief. Nothing in this Agreement will limit either party's
ability to seek equitable relief.

16.10 Governing Law.

    For City, County, and State Government Entities. If Customer is a city,
county or state government entity, then the parties agree to remain silent
regarding governing law and venue.
    For Federal Government Entities. If Customer is a federal government entity
then the following applies: ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA, EXCLUDING ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. SOLELY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
FEDERAL LAW: (I) THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA (EXCLUDING CALIFORNIA'S
CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES) WILL APPLY IN THE ABSENCE OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL LAW; AND
(II) FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICE,
THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE
COURTS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.
    For All Other Entities. If Customer is any entity not set forth in Section
16.10(a) or (b) then the following applies: ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICE WILL BE GOVERNED BY CALIFORNIA LAW,
EXCLUDING THAT STATE'S CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES, AND WILL BE LITIGATED EXCLUSIVELY
IN THE FEDERAL OR STATE COURTS OF SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA, USA;THE
PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN THOSE COURTS.

16.11 Amendments. Any amendment must be in writing, signed by both parties, and
expressly state that it is amending this Agreement.

16.12 Survival. The following Sections will survive expiration or termination of
this Agreement: 6.1 (Intellectual Property Rights), 8 (Confidential
Information), 9.5 (Effects of Termination), 13 (Limitation of Liability), 14
(Indemnification) and 16 (Miscellaneous).

16.13 Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes all other agreements between
the parties relating to its subject matter. In entering into this Agreement,
neither party has relied on, and neither party will have any right remedy based
on, any statement, representation or warranty (whether made negligently or
innocently), except those expressly set out in this Agreement. The terms located
at a URL referenced in this Agreement and the Documentation are hereby
incorporated by this reference. After the Effective Date, Google may provide
Customer with an updated URL in place of any URL in this Agreement.

16.14 Interpretation of Conflicting Terms. If there is a conflict among the
documents that make up this Agreement, the documents will control in the
following order: the Agreement, and the terms located at any URL.

16.15 Counterparts. The parties may execute this Agreement in counterparts,
including facsimile, PDF and other electronic copies, which taken together will
constitute one instrument.

16.16 Definitions.

    "Acceptable Use Policy" means the acceptable use policy set forth here:
http://developers.google.com/cloud/terms/aup.
    "Account" means Customer's Google account (either gmail.com address or an
Email address provided under the
    "Google Apps" product line); subject to those terms of service, as may be
applicable.
    "Admin Console" means the online tool provided by Google to Customer for
administering the Service.
    "Affiliate" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with a party.
    "Application(s)" means any web application Customer creates using the
Service, including any source code written by Customer to be used with the
Service.
    "Brand Features" means the trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos,
domain names, and other distinctive brand features of each party, respectively,
as secured by such party from time to time.
    "Confidential Information" means information that one party (or an
Affiliate) discloses to the other party under this Agreement, and which is
marked as confidential or would normally under the circumstances be considered
confidential information. It does not include information that the recipient
already rightfully knew, that becomes public through no fault of the recipient,
that was independently developed by the recipient, or that was lawfully given to
the recipient by a third party. Customer Data is considered Customer's
Confidential Information.
    "Control" means control of greater than fifty percent of the voting rights
or equity interests of a party.
    "Core App Engine End User Data" means content provided through the use of an
Application running on Google App Engine, by those End Users who are not acting
as Developer End Users (and information related to those End Users stored by the
Application), but excluding authentication information for those End Users'
Google accounts.
    "Customer Data" means content provided, transmitted or displayed via the
Service by Customer, or its End Users; but excluding any data provided as part
of the Account.
    "Documentation" means the Google documentation in the form generally made
available by Google to its customers for use with the Service, as may be found
here: https://developers.google.com/appengine/docs or such other URL as Google
may provide.
    "Emergency Security Issue" means either: (a) Customer's or its End User's
use of the Service in violation of the Acceptable Use Policy, which could
disrupt: (i) the Service; (ii) other Customers' or its End Users' use of the
Service; or (iii) the Google network or servers used to provide the Service; or
(b) unauthorized third party access to the Service.
    "End Users" means the individuals Customer permits to use the Application.
    "Export Control Laws" means all applicable export and re-export control laws
and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR")
maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions
maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and
the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("ITAR") maintained by the
Department of State.
    "Fee Threshold" means the threshold (as may be updated from time to time),
which is more fully described here:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/docs/quotas.
    "Fees" means the applicable fees for the Service and any applicable Taxes as
set forth here: https://developers.google.com/appengine/docs/billing.
    "High Risk Activities" means uses such as the operation of nuclear
facilities, air traffic control, or life support systems, where the use or
failure of the Service could lead to death, personal injury, or environmental
damage.
    "HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of
1996 as it may be amended from time to time, and any regulations issued
thereunder.
    "Intellectual Property Rights" means current and future worldwide rights
under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, moral rights
law, and other similar rights.
    "Legal Process" means a request for disclosure of data made pursuant to law,
governmental regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, governmental regulatory
or agency request, or other valid legal authority, legal procedure, or similar
process.
    "Privacy Policy" means Google's privacy policy located at:
https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html or such other URL as Google may
provide.
    "Protected Health Information" means the definition on 45 CFR 160.103,
limited to the information created or received by a business associate from on
or behalf of a covered entity.
    "Service" means the Google App Engine Service as more fully described here:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/ or such other URL as Google may
provide. The APIs provided under the Service are listed here:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/appengine_services or such other URL as
Google may provide.
    "Service FAQ" means those FAQs more fully described here:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/kb or such other URL as Google may
provide.
    “Service Level Agreement” or “SLA” means the service level agreement then in
effect for the Service available at the following URL:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/sla or such other URL as Google may
provide.
    "Software" means any downloadable tools, software development kits or other
such proprietary computer software provided by Google in connection with the
Service, which may be downloaded by Customer, and any updates Google may make to
such Software from time to time.
    "Taxes" means any duties, customs fees, or taxes (other than Google's income
tax) associated with the purchase of the Service, including any related
penalties or interest.
    "Terms URL" means the following URL:
https://developers.google.com/appengine/terms or such other URL as Google may
provide.
    "Third Party Request" means a request from a third party for records
relating to an End User's use of the Services. Third Party Requests can be a
lawful search warrant, court order, subpoena, other valid legal order, or
written consent from the End User permitting the disclosure.
    "Trademark Guidelines" means Google's Guidelines for Third Party Use of
Google Brand Features, located at the following URL:
http://www.google.com/permissions/guidelines.html or such other URL as Google
may provide.
    "Updates" means the periodic software updates provided by Google to Customer
from time to time. Updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop
the Service and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software
modules and completely new versions.
    "Updates" means the periodic software updates provided by Google to Customer
from time to time. Updates are designed to improve, enhance and further develop
the Service and may take the form of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new software
modules and completely new versions.
